#
# maybe this list helps if you want to replace images with your own set
#
tiki-admin-include-anchors.tpl  pics/large/boot.png        Features
tiki-admin-include-anchors.tpl  pics/large/icon-configuration.png        General
tiki-admin-include-anchors.tpl  pics/large/stock_quit.png        Login
tiki-admin-include-anchors.tpl  pics/large/wikipages.png        Wiki
tiki-admin-include-anchors.tpl  pics/large/stock_select-color.png        Image Galleries
tiki-admin-include-anchors.tpl  pics/large/stock_bold.png        Articles
tiki-admin-include-anchors.tpl  pics/large/blogs.png        Blogs
tiki-admin-include-anchors.tpl  pics/large/stock_index.png        Forums
tiki-admin-include-anchors.tpl  pics/large/gnome-fs-server.png        Directory
tiki-admin-include-anchors.tpl  pics/large/file-manager.png        File Galleries
tiki-admin-include-anchors.tpl  pics/large/stock_dialog_question.png        FAQs
tiki-admin-include-anchors.tpl  pics/large/maps.png        Maps
tiki-admin-include-anchors.tpl  pics/large/gnome-settings-font.png        Trackers
tiki-admin-include-anchors.tpl  pics/large/date.png        Calendar
tiki-admin-include-anchors.tpl  pics/large/userfiles.png        User files
tiki-admin-include-anchors.tpl  pics/large/stock_missing-image.png        Polls
tiki-admin-include-anchors.tpl  pics/large/xfce4-appfinder.png        Search
tiki-admin-include-anchors.tpl  pics/large/evolution.png        Webmail
tiki-admin-include-anchors.tpl  pics/large/gnome-globe.png        RSS
tiki-admin-include-anchors.tpl  pics/large/stock_about.png        Score
tiki-admin-include-anchors.tpl  pics/large/metatags.png        Meta Tags
tiki-admin-include-anchors.tpl  pics/large/users.png        Community
tiki-admin-include-anchors.tpl  pics/large/gnome-settings-background.png        Site Identity
tiki-admin-include-anchors.tpl  pics/large/intertiki.png        InterTiki
tiki-admin-include-anchors.tpl  pics/large/vcard.png        Freetags
tiki-admin-include-anchors.tpl  pics/large/google_maps.png        Google Maps
tiki-admin-include-anchors.tpl  pics/large/i18n.png        i18n
tiki-admin-include-list-sections.tpl  pics/large/boot48x48.png        Features
tiki-admin-include-list-sections.tpl  pics/large/icon-configuration48x48.png        General
tiki-admin-include-list-sections.tpl  pics/large/stock_quit48x48.png        Login
tiki-admin-include-list-sections.tpl  pics/large/wikipages48x48.png        Wiki
tiki-admin-include-list-sections.tpl  pics/large/stock_select-color48x48.png        Image Galleries
tiki-admin-include-list-sections.tpl  pics/large/stock_bold48x48.png        Articles
tiki-admin-include-list-sections.tpl  pics/large/blogs48x48.png        Blogs
tiki-admin-include-list-sections.tpl  pics/large/stock_index48x48.png        Forums
tiki-admin-include-list-sections.tpl  pics/large/gnome-fs-server48x48.png        Directory
tiki-admin-include-list-sections.tpl  pics/large/file-manager48x48.png        File Galleries
tiki-admin-include-list-sections.tpl  pics/large/stock_dialog_question48x48.png        FAQs
tiki-admin-include-list-sections.tpl  pics/large/maps48x48.png        Maps
tiki-admin-include-list-sections.tpl  pics/large/gnome-settings-font48x48.png        Trackers
tiki-admin-include-list-sections.tpl  pics/large/date48x48.png        Calendar
tiki-admin-include-list-sections.tpl  pics/large/userfiles48x48.png        User files
tiki-admin-include-list-sections.tpl  pics/large/stock_missing-image48x48.png        Polls
tiki-admin-include-list-sections.tpl  pics/large/xfce4-appfinder48x48.png        Search
tiki-admin-include-list-sections.tpl  pics/large/evolution48x48.png        Webmail
tiki-admin-include-list-sections.tpl  pics/large/gnome-globe48x48.png        RSS
tiki-admin-include-list-sections.tpl  pics/large/stock_about48x48.png        Score
tiki-admin-include-list-sections.tpl  pics/large/metatags48x48.png        Meta Tags
tiki-admin-include-list-sections.tpl  pics/large/users48x48.png        Community
tiki-admin-include-list-sections.tpl  pics/large/gnome-settings-background48x48.png        Site Identity
tiki-admin-include-list-sections.tpl  pics/large/intertiki48x48.png        InterTiki
tiki-admin-include-list-sections.tpl  pics/large/vcard48x48.png        Freetags
tiki-admin-include-list-sections.tpl  pics/large/google_maps48x48.png        Google Maps
tiki-admin-include-list-sections.tpl  pics/large/i18n48x48.png        i18n
